progress-indicator: Add new `saved` and `error` status (#1548)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/heavy-badgers-sit.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': minor
---

> progress-indicator: Added two new statuses for items: `saved` and `error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
progress-indicator: Added two new statuses for items: `'saved'` and `'error'`.
```
